# 2FA Project

This project is a simple web application that implements Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) using Flask, SQLite, and pyotp. The application allows users to register, log in, and verify their identity using a Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) token.

## Features

- User Registration
- User Login
- Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) using TOTP
- User Profile Management
- Cybersecurity Tips and Tricks
- Account Deletion

## Technologies Used

- Python
- Flask
- SQLite
- pyotp
- qrcode
- HTML/CSS

## Live Demo

https://manan2fa.azurewebsites.net/

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/MananUkani/2fa-project.git
    cd 2fa-project
    ```

2. **Create a virtual environment:**

    ```bash
    python -m venv venv
    ```

3. **Activate the virtual environment:**

    - On Windows:

        ```bash
        venv\Scripts\activate
        ```

    - On macOS/Linux:

        ```bash
        source venv/bin/activate
        ```

4. **Install the required packages:**

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

5. **Initialize the database:**

    ```bash
    python app.py
    ```

    This will create the `mfa.db` SQLite database and initialize the required tables.

### Running the Application

1. **Start the Flask application:**

    ```bash
    python app.py
    ```

2. **Open your web browser and navigate to:**

    ```
    http://127.0.0.1:5000/
    ```

## Project Structure

2fa-project/
├── templates/
│   ├── index.html
│   ├── mfa_verification.html
│   ├── dashboard.html
│   ├── auth.html
│   ├── login.html
│   └── register.html
├── app.py
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md



## Usage

### Registration

1. Navigate to the registration page.
2. Enter your desired username and password.
3. Scan the generated QR code with your 2FA app (e.g., Google Authenticator).

### Login

1. Navigate to the login page.
2. Enter your username and password.
3. Enter the MFA token generated by your 2FA app.

### Profile Management

1. After logging in, navigate to the dashboard.
2. Update your username and password in the profile section.

### Cybersecurity Tips

1. After logging in and verifying your MFA token, navigate to the dashboard.
2. Read through the cybersecurity tips and tricks to enhance your online security.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## Acknowledgements

- Flask: Flask Documentation
- pyotp: pyotp Documentation
- qrcode: qrcode Documentation

---

Made by Manan Ukani

